replace yarn by npm (#9198)
prometheus/prometheus: RELEASE.md

```
cd web/ui/react-app
npm update
git add package.json package-lock.json
```

Or alternatively, update all dependencies to their latest major versions. This is potentially more disruptive and will require more follow-up fixes, but should be done from time to time (use your best judgement):

```
cd web/ui/react-app
npx npm-check-updates -u
npm install
git add package.json package-lock.json
```

> More details about how to manage the dependencies, and the update [here](https://www.carlrippon.com/upgrading-npm-dependencies/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more details on managing npm dependencies and updates [in this blog post](https://www.carlrippon.com/upgrading-npm-dependencies/).
```
